README.md, before:

# 🏨 Lodgify - Hotel Room Booking Application

Lodgify is a full-featured hotel room booking platform built with React. It allows users to browse available rooms, book their desired stay, post reviews, and manage bookings with real-time updates. Built with a modern tech stack and clean user experience in mind.

---

## 🌐 Live Demo

🔗https://assignment-11-1acf0.web.app

---

## 🎯 Purpose

The goal of this project is to build a user-friendly and responsive hotel room booking system where users can:

- Explore rooms with filters
- Book rooms based on availability
- Post reviews and ratings
- Cancel or modify bookings
- Provide a platform for users to browse and book rooms
- Allow users to leave, edit, and view reviews with ratings
- Enable users to manage their bookings and update booking details
- Show room locations using an interactive map
- Deliver a clean and smooth user experience with animations and helpful UI elements

---

## ✨ Key Features

- 🔐 Firebase Authentication (Login/Signup)
- 📅 Date range selection with day count calculation
- 🏨 Room details page with booking modal
- 📦 Bookings management (Cancel / Update Dates / Review)
- 💬 Tooltip & confirmation modals
- 🌍 Interactive map integration (Leaflet)
- 🔄 Responsive design with Tailwind CSS
- 🔥 Toasts and alerts for feedback
- 🧠 Smart UI components with conditional rendering
- 🌙 Dark Mode ready for use

## 📦 NPM Packages Used

- **Tailwind CSS** – Utility-first CSS framework for fast and responsive UI design
- **DaisyUI** – Tailwind CSS component library for styled UI elements
- **Axios** – Promise-based HTTP client for making API requests
- **Firebase** – Backend service for authentication, database, and hosting
- **React Date Range** – Component for selecting a date range with calendar UI
- **React Leaflet** – React components for interactive maps using Leaflet.js
- **React Icons** – Popular icon packs as React components
- **React Spinners** – A collection of loading spinner components for React
- **React Star Ratings** – Component for displaying and submitting star-based ratings
- **React Tooltip** – Tooltips for UI elements in React apps
- **SweetAlert2** – Beautiful and customizable alert modals
- **Swiper** – Modern touch slider/carousel for displaying content like reviews
- **Motion** – Animation library for React powered by Framer Motion
- **React Awesome Reveal** – Animation library based on Framer Motion to reveal elements on scroll with elegant effects
- **React CountUp** – An smooth counting animation library in react

## 🚀 Run Locally


Open your folder and run this command
```bash
git clone https://github.com/tmdsifat98/hotel-management-client
```
Go to your project directory
```bash
cd project-name
```
Install necessary npm packages
```bash
npm install
```
Run the server
```bash
npm run dev
```

## For server side
Also you need to clone the server repository.
```bash
https://github.com/tmdsifat98/hotel-management-server
```
Go to the directory and run it
```bash
nodemone start
```
Here is the local server url
```bash
http://localhost:3000
```
And production url is here
```bash
https://assignment-11-server-beige-seven.vercel.app
```

Commit message:

gallery and about route added and lightbox package also added

README.md, after:

# 🏨 Lodgify - Hotel Room Booking Application

Lodgify is a full-featured hotel room booking platform built with React. It allows users to browse available rooms, book their desired stay, post reviews, and manage bookings with real-time updates. Built with a modern tech stack and clean user experience in mind.

---

## 🌐 Live Demo

🔗https://assignment-11-1acf0.web.app

---

## 🎯 Purpose

The goal of this project is to build a user-friendly and responsive hotel room booking system where users can:

- Explore rooms with filters
- Book rooms based on availability
- Post reviews and ratings
- Cancel or modify bookings
- Provide a platform for users to browse and book rooms
- Allow users to leave, edit, and view reviews with ratings
- Enable users to manage their bookings and update booking details
- Show room locations using an interactive map
- Deliver a clean and smooth user experience with animations and helpful UI elements

---

## ✨ Key Features

- 🔐 Firebase Authentication (Login/Signup)
- 📅 Date range selection with day count calculation
- 🏨 Room details page with booking modal
- 📦 Bookings management (Cancel / Update Dates / Review)
- 💬 Tooltip & confirmation modals
- 🌍 Interactive map integration (Leaflet)
- 🔄 Responsive design with Tailwind CSS
- 🔥 Toasts and alerts for feedback
- 🧠 Smart UI components with conditional rendering
- 🌙 Dark Mode ready for use

## 📦 NPM Packages Used

- **Tailwind CSS** – Utility-first CSS framework for fast and responsive UI design
- **DaisyUI** – Tailwind CSS component library for styled UI elements
- **Axios** – Promise-based HTTP client for making API requests
- **Firebase** – Backend service for authentication, database, and hosting
- **React Date Range** – Component for selecting a date range with calendar UI
- **React Leaflet** – React components for interactive maps using Leaflet.js
- **React Icons** – Popular icon packs as React components
- **React Spinners** – A collection of loading spinner components for React
- **React Star Ratings** – Component for displaying and submitting star-based ratings
- **React Tooltip** – Tooltips for UI elements in React apps
- **SweetAlert2** – Beautiful and customizable alert modals
- **Swiper** – Modern touch slider/carousel for displaying content like reviews
- **Motion** – Animation library for React powered by Framer Motion
- **React Awesome Reveal** – Animation library based on Framer Motion to reveal elements on scroll with elegant effects
- **React CountUp** – A smooth counting animation library in react
- **React Lightbox** – An image viewer library allows view image in a slider

## 🚀 Run Locally


Open your folder and run this command
```bash
git clone https://github.com/tmdsifat98/hotel-management-client
```
Go to your project directory
```bash
cd project-name
```
Install necessary npm packages
```bash
npm install
```
Run the server
```bash
npm run dev
```

## For server side
Also you need to clone the server repository.
```bash
https://github.com/tmdsifat98/hotel-management-server
```
Go to the directory and run it
```bash
nodemone start
```
Here is the local server url
```bash
http://localhost:3000
```
And production url is here
```bash
https://assignment-11-server-beige-seven.vercel.app
```
